chore: Add Flutter docs for the GraphQL Subscribe API (#2951)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/graphqlapi/fragments/flutter/subscribe-data.md

Subscribe to mutations for creating real-time clients.  

## Setup subscription with callbacks

> To listen to creation updates, you can use the following code sample:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To listen to create mutations, you can use the following code sample:
```
